#==================================================================================
# 
# Modwheel::Manual::Config
#
# AUTHOR
#   Ask Solem <ask@0x61736b.net>
#
# COPYRIGHT, LICENSE
#   Copyright (C) 2007 by Ask Solem C<< ask@0x61736b.net >>.
#   All rights reserved.
#
#   This documentation is free; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#   it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.6 or,
#   at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.
#
#===================================================================================

=head1 NAME

Modwheel::Manual::Config - Modwheel configuration.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a reference on the directives available in the Modwheel
configuration file.


=head1 GLOBAL CONFIGURATION

=over 4

=item debug

Turn debug messages on or off.

Example:

    debug: 1

=item defaultsite

The site to use if no site is specified.

Example:

    defaultsite: Simple

=item directoryindex

This is the default file to use for directories when no filename is specified.

Example:

    directoryindex: index.html


=item templatedriver

Default representation engine.

Example (for Template Toolkit):

   templatedriver: TT 

=item locale

Global locale setting.
This setting is used for all sites with no locale setting.
See: L<locale.1>

    Example: no_NO

=back

=head1 SITES

=over 4

=item directoryindex

This is the default file to use for directories when no filename is specified.

Example:

    directoryindex: index.html

=item locale

Locale setting for this site.
See: L<locale.1>

Example:

    locale: en_EN

=item repository

The directory for the repository system to upload files in.

Example:

   repository: /opt/modwheel/Repository 

If used with Apache, this directory has to be writable by the user Apache
is running as.

=item repositoryurl

This is the URL location users can access the repository directory from
using the web-server.

Example:

In httpd.conf:

    Alias /rep  /opt/modwheel/Repository
    <Directory  /opt/modwheel/Repository/*/*>
        Order Deny, Allow
        Allow from all
    </Directory>

in modwheelconfig.yml:

    repositoryurl: /rep 

=item NeverDetach

Never detach objects from the tree.
This is useful for admin sites, where you don't want objects with the detach
flag set to detach from the tree.

Example:

    NeverDetach: Yes

=item templatedir

The location of the template for this site.

Example:

    templatedir: /opt/modwheel/Template/Simple

=item templatedriver

The representation engine to use.
Only TT supported at this time (Template Toolkit).

Example:

    templatedriver: TT

=back

=head2 database

Database configuration.

=over 4

=item type

Type of database server to use.
Only MySQL supported at this time.

Example:

    type: MySQL

=item name

Name of the database to use.

Example:

    name: modwheel

=item host

Hostname the database server is running on.
By IP-address or DNS name.

Example:

    host: localhost

Or:

    host: 127.0.0.1

=item username

Username to log into the database with.

Example:

    username: modwheel_user

=item password

Password for the username above.

    password: definityinfinity

=item port

TCP Port on the hostname the server is running on.

Example:

    port: 3306

=back


=head1 TT

Template Toolkit configuration.

=over 8

=item plugins

A list of plugins to preload into Template Toolkit.
(like [% USE ... %])

Example:

    plugins:
        HTML: Template::Plugin::HTML
        Date: Template::Plugin::Date
        URL:  Template::Plugin::URL

=back


=head1 OBJECT DEFAULTS

=over 4

=item inherit

If set to true new objects will inherit active flag, owner, sort priority, and custom
template from their parent object.

Example:

    inherit: 1

=item active

If set to true new objects are active by default.

Example:
    active: 1

=item owner

New objects are owned by this user-id by default.
You can list users and their id with the command line utility mwuser.

    /opt/modwheel/bin/mwuser -list

Example:

    owner: 100

=item groupo

New objects are owned by this group-id by default.
No

=item parent

Default parent for new objects. (1 is probably a good choice).

=back

=head1 SHORTCUTS

Write something about shortcuts here.

=head1 MORE INFORMATION

=over 4

=item * L<Modwheel::Manual::Installation>

Help on installing Modwheel.

=item * L<Modwheel::Manual::Intro>

Introduction on how to use Modwheel with the Template Toolkit.

=item * L<Apache2::Modwheel>

Information on using Modwheel with Apache2.
You have to install the Apache2::Modwheel module from CPAN.

=item * L<Modwheel::Manual::Plugins>

Tutorial on how to extend Modwheel with plugins.

=item * L<Modwheel::Manual::DB>

Information on how to use the Modwheel $db object to operate on databases.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Ask Solem E<lt>ask@0x61736b.netE<gt> L<http://www.0x61736b.net>

=head1 COPYRIGHT, LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2007 by Ask Solem C<< ask@0x61736b.net >>.

All rights reserved.

This documentation is free; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.6 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.
