=head1

EXCEPTIONS

=head1

modwheel-no-site-selected

=head2
no site specified when creating Modwheel object.

=head1

object-can-not-get-parent

=head2
Couldn't fetch parent object for the selected object.

=head1

object-save-missing-field

=head2
A required field was missing when trying to save object.

=head1

object-tags-missing-field

=head2
A required field was missing when trying to fetch tags for a object.

=head1

object-parent-loop

=head2
While iterating over objects we found that a object has itself as parent.

=head1

object-exprbyid-loop

=head2
exprbyid() has found a potential infinite loop

=head1

object-tag-create-missing-field

=head2
A required field was missing when trying to create a new tag.

=head1

object-tag-delete-missing-field

=head2
A required field was missing when trying to create delete a tag.

=head1

object-tag-connect-missing-field

=head2
A required field was missing when trying to connect a object with a tag.

=head1

object-tag-disconnect-missing-field

=head2
A required field was missing when trying to disconnect a object from a tag.

=head1

object-tag-no-such-tag

=head2
No tag with the given name.

=head1

repository-upload-missing-field

=head2
Missing required argument for repository upload.

=head1

repository-upload-parent-id-not-digit

=head2
Parent id specified for repository upload was not a digit.

=head1

repository-upload-mkdir-error

=head2
Couldn't create directory in repository.

=head1

repository-could-not-delete-file

=head2
Unable to delete the file from repository.

=head1

repository-could-not-delete-entry

=head2
Unable to delete repository database entry.

=head1

repository-open-file-shell-escape

=head2
Shell escape poisoning attempt detected.

=head1

repository-open-can-not-stat

=head2
Could not get stat() for file.

=head1

repository-open-race-condition

=head2
Possible race condition detected while opening file for writing.

=head1

user-uid-not-digit

=head2
User id given is not a digit.

=head1

user-no-such-user

=head2
No such username or no password set for user.

=head1

user-login-failed

=head2
No such username or password

=head1

user-update-missing-user

=head2
No username/user-id specified for user update.

=head1

user-missing-field

=head2
Missing username or password while trying to create, update, delete a user, or get information about user.

=head1

user-create-already-exists

=head2
A user with that username already exists.

=head1

db-build-query-missing-where

=head2
Executing a sql delete or update statement without a where clause is rarely what we want,
so this generates an error.

=head1

db-connection-error

=head2
Could not connect to database.

=head1

db-prepare-without-query

=head2
prepare() was called without query.

=head1

db-query-error

=head2
Something wrong with the given query.
