#==================================================================================
# 
# Modwheel::Manual
#
# AUTHOR
#   Ask Solem <ask@0x61736b.net>
#
# COPYRIGHT, LICENSE
#   Copyright (C) 2007 by Ask Solem C<< ask@0x61736b.net >>.
#   All rights reserved.
#
#   This documentation is free; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#   it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.6 or,
#   at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.
#
#===================================================================================

=head1 NAME

Modwheel::Manual - Modwheel Manual


=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is the index for the Modwheel manual, it's a work in progress, so it's
not complete yet. 


=head1 MANUAL INDEX

=over 4

=item L<Modwheel::Manual::Install>

=item L<Modwheel::Manual::Config>

=item Modwheel::Manual::Intro

=item Modwheel::Manual::Plugin

=back


=head1 CLASSES INDEX

=over 4

=item L<Modwheel>

=item L<Modwheel::DB>

=item L<Modwheel::DB::Base>

=item L<Modwheel::User>

=item L<Modwheel::Object>

=item L<Modwheel::Repository>

=item L<Modwheel::Template>

=item L<Modwheel::Template::Shortcuts>

=item L<Modwheel::HTML::Tagset>

=item L<Modwheel::Template::ObjectProxy>

=item L<Modwheel::Session>

=item L<Modwheel::Instance>

=back


=head1 TEMPLATE TOOLKIT SUPPORT

=over 4

=item L<Modwheel::Template::TT>

=item L<Modwheel::Template::TT::Plugin>

=back


=head1 DATABASE DRIVERS

=over 4

=item L<Modwheel::DB::MySQL>

=item L<Modwheel::DB::PostgreSQL>

=back

=head1 VERSION

This documentation describes Modwheel version 0.2.2.

=head1 AUTHOR

Ask Solem, C<< ask@0x61736b.net >>.


=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c), 2007 Ask Solem C<< ask@0x61736b.net >>.

All rights reserved.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.6 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=head1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

BECAUSE THIS SOFTWARE IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE
SOFTWARE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE
STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE
SOFTWARE "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE,
YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.
                                                                                                                                               
IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY                                                               
COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE                                                                  
SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED BY THE ABOVE LICENCE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,                                                                    
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING                                                                 
OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO                                                                
LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR                                                                 
THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER                                                                         
SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE                                                                        
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
